Appium Hands Off Feedback (#1087)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/automated-testing/appium/quickstart.md

* A [GitHub](https://github.com/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F&source=header-home) account
* [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
* The [Swag Labs iOS Real Device Sample App](https://github.com/saucelabs/sample-app-mobile/releases)

> * Local installation of JDK, Maven, and and IDE such as IntelliJ. For instructions on installing eachof these, see the [Java Testing Dependencies](https://training.saucelabs.com/codelabs/Module1-SeleniumJava/index.html?index=..%2F..SeleniumJava#4) training module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Local installation of JDK, Maven, and an IDE such as IntelliJ. For instructions on installing each of these, see the [Java Testing Dependencies](https://training.saucelabs.com/codelabs/Module1-SeleniumJava/index.html?index=..%2F..SeleniumJava#4) training module.
```

## Step 4: Run the Tests

:::caution
You must have JDK and Maven installed to run this sample test, and you must have set their paths in your `.bash_profile`, for example:
```
## Maven Variables
export M2_HOME=/Applications/apache-maven-3.8.2
export M2=$M2_HOME/bin

export PATH=$PATH:$M2:$JAVA_HOME/bin:$PATH
```
:::

> If you are using an IDE, such as IntelliJ or Visual Studio Code, open the `quickstart-appium-java` project you cloned in step 2, then right-click the `src/test/java/tests/RDC/AppiumIosRdcAppTest` and choose `Run`.

Reviewer: These instructions are specific to IntelliJ - the steps to run the test are a bit different for Visual Studio Code. 
```suggestion
If you are using an IDE, such as IntelliJ, open the `quickstart-appium-java` project you cloned in step 2, then right-click the `src/test/java/tests/RDC/AppiumIosRdcAppTest` and choose `Run`.
```
